[Music]
hello hi how are you yeah I'm alright
how are you very good very good so we'll
have two raises at your neck of the
woods
oh no I'm going for a survey I'll tell
you all alrighty of model healed up like
a writer do this so how do you get this
phone call from Richard Curtis I didn't
take it I did he call you
yeah but I always I always put it
straight to message because it's always
asking for something did you answer well
I didn't know it was him I mean
obviously I I try and avoid him because
he's always I mean if he's calling it's
to say will you do this thing for comic
relief normally or sport relief or
whatever relief it is be a relief if he
stopped calling it would be a relief he
stopped calling unfortunately it was
number had held a pics on the phone and
he was on the other end and then I was
the other was trapped What did he say he
wants us to do something together I said
that give you a call and yeah so he
wants us to do so I mean when this is
all over that people are saying it's
like the Second World War P was saying
what did you do during the war daddy I
watched all of tiger King in two nights
that's is you have to Joan you made some
so ever if we do this thing Richard
Curtis at least we can say we did I clap
on a Thursday do I go out and trap on a
Thursday but do can anyone see you doing
it yes well I wouldn't do it otherwise
yes I go outside we go out into the
street we all clap what I found now is
that as the week's go by there's a great
pressure to not be the first one to stop
look I think we should come up with some
sort of thing where you maybe do Bryn
from Gavin Stacey and I'll develop our
tidge and maybe I don't know Allen rings
up Brit no Bryn gets Allen's number and
asks Allen if you'll do a charity show
or something
this isn't something my head of no idea
it sounds terrible you shot a few
neighbors yeah have I shot a few
neighbors yet no he's shocked no of
course not
but I daresay if this if we're still if
we're still here a year from now then
have you shot a few neighbors this week
we'll be able
judgment question terrified but so we're
gonna go back to sit at medieval times
society will break down and we'll return
to a feudal system of barons and knights
I imagine I might be a baron I try and
you know organize a cot some sort of
commune to you know to to to farm the
land who would the knight speak Julian
Fellowes the Downton Abbey guy oh you
want you want your show business Knights
Tom Jones a bitter light with me I roam
in the countryside huh just making sure
everything huh he's all right awesome
Mick Jagger
they've got organize ourselves into
workers cooperatives to share out the
spoils of our agricultural systems and
don't forget to rotate the crops and
then you need to stockpile in case
there's a blight
let's splendor blight together yeah
let's spend the blocks together yeah I
don't think matters we do something
that's not especially funny I'm not it's
not like I'm just sitting around I've
been doing I've been taking food to
people you seriously a few babies not
not many but what yeah I've been doing
my bit you didn't take money for it I
hope you refuse the money absolutely not
just make a small donation to a charity
and tell people about it and tell people
about it all right unless I am losing
the will to live now there must be
enough stuff for three minutes in this
reading okay I mean what's the funny
thing for me to go back to the reading
and I've got it I've got it
I'll go all right well look it's been
very nice catching up with you stay safe
okay I'm gonna I'm gonna go and clean my
glasses okay soon okay I just gotta get
back to my book this was created as part
of the beam 19 and we hope you like the
videos and we also hope that you click
the link below and make a donation
because right now our charities up and
down the UK and providing urgent
essential help to those most in need so
hopefully if we had in your pocket and
give what you can thank you